you need white down
what's with the jeans I mean what better
way to tell someone you love them by
then by going okay like that you know I
love it you did that and it's like
payback for our stupid neighbor who
yells oh my talks all the time so loud
the worse um I should tell him that that
the Kane story is true when I see that
guy yes cuz he asked me and I was like I
was delirious I'm like wait was Sunset
Boulevard at the Comedy Store
yeah where it happened and he came out
of the limousine limousine yeah yeah and
I did okay and they turn away
let's amaze but then you've also
perfected your black yelling I'm working
on a lot remember no but the very first
time we did it was like near Fairfax
wasn't it oh I did we do we're together
in that and uh and you're like wasabi I
gotta back and the guy yelled back you
yeah yeah remember yeah yeah that was
fucking amazing memory I was that's the
beginning of all this that was the
beginning yeah I go check this in years
ago I yelled it up the guy yelled back
and then you almost had an aneurysm
laughing so great yeah I actually the
time that we first yelled my black
yellow mm-hmm on Fairfax
I actually was recording the guy that
responded back so I yelled and then he
went very going out like that it yeah
that's from that that's from Fairfax
that's so I didn't remember him the
phrase yeah I was good yeah yeah that
was the funny oh yeah that was seriously
that was so funny we were just in the
car right we were rolling up on him
you're like what's up nose ah then
you're like that man yeah turn around my
eyes years-old jibbers outnumbered
epidemic Oh cuz he doesn't you it
yabba-dabba-do him motherfucker anyone's
if edema - yeah Skeet Skeet